Modeling of elastic wave propagation in a cylindrical fluid-filled borehole is very important to the problem of sonic logging. We implement an accelerated 2.5-D finite-difference (FD) modeling of acoustic full waveform multipole logging in cylindrical coordinates through the new industry open standard for parallel programming of heterogeneous systems, OpenCL (Open Computing Language). The mathematical singularity that arises from using these operators near the symmetry axis in cylindrical coordinates is solved using symmetry arguments. The improvement of speed with the accelerated 2.5-D finite difference code using a GPU is by a factor of 8.5X compared to a CPU running using its quad-core. When comparing to a serial code the speed up of the GPU is of 11X. We use an open-source toolkit called PyOpenCL, which lets one to access the OpenCL parallel computation API’s from high-level programming environment of Python. The advantage of OpenCL over other similar languages is that it is not attached to any particular brand of card. In addition, it allows one to program a CPU (Central Processing Unit) a GPU (Graphics Processing Unit), or multiple GPUs and their interaction among them and with the CPU or host device. Moreover, the advantage of PyOpenCL over a plain OpenCL implementation is that it simplifies many tasks that OpenCL by itself requires and also simplifies the prototyping. We describe the implementation of the code in PyOpenCL to simulate slow and fast formations. Excellent results are obtained when comparing the calculations with the discrete wavenumber method (DWN). We include the full 2.5-D finite difference code with PyOpenCL.